DOCS-6220 supported browsers (#114)
mulesoft/docs-api-community-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/installation-prerequisites.adoc

. Search for *My Domain* using the *Quick Find* box and then select *My Domain*.
. If the screen indicates your domain is ready, select *Log in*.
. Select *Deploy to Users*.

== Supported Browsers

> Community admins, community members, and guest users can access an ACM community with the latest versions of these browsers:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Community admins, community members, and guest users can access an ACM community by using the latest versions of these browsers:
```
...just to make crystal clear that it is not the community that has "the latest versions...."

Author: That is better. Thank you!
